holy sh I was lucky enough to have a
rare sitdown interview with the head of
Instagram Adam
moseri to my knowledge there are very
few and this might be the only interview
where he has specifically spent the
entire conversation talking about the
Instagram algorithm taking a look under
the hood and figuring out how Instagram
works but before I tell you the story of
how this happened I just want to say
this is not about me this is about you
this is about serving you this is about
getting answers for you this is about
helping you understand the facts the
truth the reality about growing on
Instagram this is about helping you find
some peace in the chaos that is trying
to grow a brand or business on Instagram
I was not paid to do this interview nor
did I pay to do this interview here's
how it happened on the night of October
28th 2024 I went to bed just like any
other night but that night I had an
interesting dream my dream and this is
not an exaggeration this is not made up
was that I got to walk around
Instagram's offices Instagram's
headquarters following or shadowing Adam
moseri for the entire day and asking him
questions about how Instagram works well
that morning when I woke up I decided
that was a pretty funny dream and it was
related to my Niche so I posted about it
on threads in fact I said and I quote
this is from October 29th 2024 I had a
dream last night that I followed at
moseri around for a day and picked his
brain about the inner workings of
Instagram we should make it happen for
real I posted it and I didn't think much
of it I went to the gym I had breakfast
I went about my normal morning routine
and then I opened up threads a few hours
later and suddenly my heart dropped I
felt the butterflies going my heart
shreded racing because he had replied he
said what do you want to know and I said
oh hi I have a long list of questions
that I would love to ask and shooter
shoot so I'll ask this who can I get in
contact with to set up an interview with
you I'll fly to you let's make it happen
and he replied let's try to figure
something out and even just this little
back and forth was enough for me to be
on absolute Cloud9 so you can imagine
how I felt a few hours later when I had
an email in my inbox from a member of
his personal team basically talking
about setting up this conversation they
said that they had seen our conversation
on threads they had heard from Adam and
they wanted to talk about what this
could potentially look like for the
future if if we were to have a sit down
interview what would be covered what
would we talk about what would be the
distribution who would see this
conversation and we started planning and
again that was back in October of 2024
fast forward you're watching this in
either the end of March or April of 2025
so about four or five months of planning
going back and forth trying to iron out
all of the details of this and there
were definitely times where I was like I
don't know if this is going to happen I
don't know if this is real this was kind
of like a pinch me Moment Like I said
this was literally a dream coming true
fast forward here we are I land in San
Francisco the butterflies the adrenaline
are at an all-time high and I'm showing
up to the Instagram offices to have an
interview an hourlong conversation with
the head of Instagram himself I want to
let you know right now that our plan is
to release the full conversation next
Thursday which is April 4th 2025 so make
sure that you're subscribed to the
channel whether you're listening to this
on audio or you're watching the video
version on YouTube I want to encourage
you to subscribe so that when that new
episode comes out it automatically shows
up on your app but when I was going into
this interview I had one key goal in
mind and while some of you may hope that
my goal was to belittle him and yell at
him and cuss him out on behalf of all of
the creators who are struggling to grow
on Instagram that wasn't my goal my goal
was to leave with the best possible
understanding of how Instagram works so
I want to tell you some of the things we
talked about in our conversation we
talked about the algorithm of course we
talked about Shadow Banning we talked
about hashtags we talked about what the
heck is going on with everyone's views
recently something we covered just a few
weeks ago here on build your tribe and I
wanted to hear it directly from him what
is going on and why have these changes
occurred we talked about a lot of the
common myths rumors and misconceptions
about Instagram and what determines what
videos get views and who gets followers
and we even talked about some super
exciting features that haven't been
released yet that he was honestly giddy
to share with me in my opinion the
interview was a success and I'm really
excited to share it with you now I want
you to know that I can't promise that
your jaw is going to be on the floor or
that you're going to walk away with an
entirely new view of the world thanks to
this interview but if you can listen to
what he has to say with an open mind and
take in all of the value that he is
sharing I can promise you a few things
number one you will learn something
number two you will be a better business
owner cont content creator social media
manager brand or whatever it is that you
do on Instagram you'll be better because
of it number three you will feel at
peace regarding the questions and
challenges you have regarding Instagram
I want to encourage you to subscribe one
last time I want to thank you so much
for supporting me supporting this
channel supporting my Instagram and
supporting my growth over the last few
years I started podcasting back in 2017
and it's kind of crazy I was doing the
math the other day 8 years later
something like 600 episodes later here
here we are and I want to encourage you
this is where I want to end today's mini
episode I want to encourage you by
saying I'm not special I am just like
you I believe that Shooters shoot I
believe you got to shoot your shot I
believe you got to put yourself out
there you have to keep showing up
consistently you have to improve little
by little day by day and eventually you
can quite literally make your dreams
come true I am truly just like you and
so before you even watch the interview I
hope one key key takeaway that you have
is that whatever it is that your dreams
are whatever Big Ideas you think are
impossible right now they are possible
you are capable of achieving those
things keep showing up keep staying
consistent I know it's not always easy I
know there are challenges I know there
are setbacks along the way but keep
showing up and you can achieve anything
you want to thank you so much I'll see
you next week and as always happy
networking